Okay,
guys.
And welcome back to the last lecture.
Except for the summary in the variable section.
Now we've looked at locally declared variables.
We've looked at module level variables and the final one is the project level variable on
the project level variable is available to all the projects that you can see in here the V
b A project window.
So you'll recall from here when we called from into sub three,
which lived in a different module,
variable value wasn't passed.
Now here I've changed these to A B and C We're gonna call subsea,
which lives in a different module.
Okay,
so let's step through this code and have a look at what it does.
Firstly,
I'm just going to delete that watch because we're no interested in that anymore.
Andi,
I am going to you add.
I watch to that.
I haven't had enough coffee this morning,
I guess.
And then we had to have a watch.
So let's step through this code.
Call the correct sheet name.
You can see it's been selectively arrange a one or you selected clear the contents from CC
.
Load the value from a one into this here on you can notice what happens down here.
I think this is my data.
Fantastic.
Right it to see you want that worked beautifully.
So be in the same module hovering over.
You can see the values being returned.
We're going to write that to see three.
Fantastic that works well.
And now notice what happens when a cool sub sea which lives in a different module.
You can see that that's being selected but hovering over.
You can see that this is my data.
It has retained its value.
So now when they attempt to write to C five,
it's perfectly happy on notice what happens down here when he attends and sub out of
context.
So just looking at the comments off here,
project level variables are declared in the general declarations area above.
The first sub can be used by all the subs alive Subs in the current projects.
Actually,
this eso project,
that's what you get for copy and pasting it is declared using the public statement.
Now we've used them up to know.
But using public str monitoring three as string means that it is now publicly available to
all the modules within the project available to all subs in the project.
Absolutely so on it is destroyed n sub in the and I need to type telling us up on it is
destroyed at an insult in the module in which it was declared or capitalized.
That so when you download it,
it would be nice in uniforms.
OK,
in the next six,
we're just gonna have a quick summary of the characteristics of variables and then we'll
move on.
I'll see you in the next lecture.